testcases
1. I have contacted the Lecturer and they haven’t responded yet, what should I do?
    How to contact the lecturer? They haven't responded me yet.
    (Web x)Where could I find lecturer? I sent him an email and did not receive any replies.
    How can I get in touch with the lecturer? I gave her a phone call but no response.
    (Web x)Where's the lecturer's home? I’m looking for him but no reply.

2. I would like to change programs, what should I do?
    How to change my programs? 
    I need to transfer a program from computer science engineering. What should I do?
    What should I do if I apply for a program transfer.

3. Can I already enroll into courses for the program I wish to transfer to?

4. I would like some advice on my course selection, what should I do?
    How to get some advice / suggestions / recommendations / tips for select / choosing courses?
    Where could I find some tips to choose / select / opt for a course.
    I need some information to help make choices of courses.
    I need some information to help make a selection / decision among these courses.
    Can anyone advise / recommend / commend / tell me how to opt for a course?
    Can anyone put some bugs in my ear how to decide a course selection?

5. Does UNSW Computing offer any courses during the Winter Break?
    Are there any winter courses offered / provided in CSE?
    I want to enroll into a winter class. How to do it?
    Is there a lecture / class / seminar provided in winter vacation?
    I can go on my study / learning in winter holiday. How can I apply for it?

6. Does UNSW Computing offer any courses during the Summer Break?
    Are there any summer courses offered / provided in CSE?
    I want to enroll into a summer class. How to do it?
    Is there a lecture course / class / seminar provided in summer vacation?
    I can go on my study / learning in summer holiday. How can I apply for it?
    
7. How do I apply for credit transfer for previously completed courses?
    How to apply for credit transfer / advanced standing?
    How to transfer my credit by previous courses?
    Credit for previous study? 


Part 2:
1. How do I apply for a new CoE?
	I want to get a new coe, what to do next?
	I want to get a new coe,what can i do?
	I want to update my CoE, what should I do?

2. I want to drop my courses and take program leave or discontinue my program. How do i request this?
	I can’t go on my program / curriculum / courses. It’s too hard / complicated / difficult / demanding!
	I want to ask for program leave.
	I want to ask for program leave,what i can do?
	I want to drop all courses.
	I need to leave my program. What can I do?
	I need to discontinue my course.

3. (Web x)I want to drop a course that I am currently enrolled in. How do I do this? 
	I have enrolled a course,but i want to drop it.
	I have enrolled some courses, but i want to drop them,what can I do?
	I need to drop my course,what can be done?


4. I want to drop a course but it is past census date. Can I still do this?
	I need to drop a course, but it has been past the census date, what can I do?
	I see it is already past the census date,but I still want to drop my course.

5.  I have failed xxx pre-requisite, can I still do the higher-level course next semester?
	I think I can't pass the pre-requisite of some courses, can I still enroll in them?
	I want to enroll COMP9318, but I failed in its pre-requisite course.

6. How do I swap courses/tutorial times in myUNSW?
	I want to change my tutorial time, how can I do in myUNSW?
	In myUNSW, where to shift my course?
	In myUNSW, where to shift/swap/change my course?

7. How do I find out if a course is cancelled?
	I heard that some courses may be cancelled,where can I find the information?
	how can I know my course is cancelled or not?



Part3

1. There is no lecturer allocated to a course I am enrolled in, or interested in enrolling in, what should I do?

   There is no lecturer in COMP9021 right now, what should I do?
   No professor in one of my courses, what should I do?
   I don’t see any lecturer in my course, how come?



2. The class that I want is full! Can you over-enrol me or place me on the waiting list?

   The COMPXXXX is full, I want to enroll it, what should I do? 
   What if the course is full, can I still enroll it?
   The class that I want to enroll in is full, what can I do?


3. I have enrolled in the web lecture of a course and I cannot see this in my Class Timetable?

I enrolled in a course that is on web, but I can't see the course on my timetable?
I enrolled in a course that in web delivery, but I can’t find it on my timetable, what’s going on?



4. I would like to have a requisite waived, what should I do?

  How to apply a requisite waived?
   How to apply a waiver of requisite?

5. I have a timetable clash and cannot enrol, what should I do?

   What should I do if I have a clash on timetable
   How to deal with timetable clash?
   I get timetable clash, what can I do?


6. I would like to overload, what should I do?

   How to overload in a semester?
   Overload in a term.
   What is overload, can I do it?

7. (Web x)The enrolment deadline has passed. Can I still enrol in or swap courses?
I missed the enrolment deadline, what should I do?
The deadline of enrolment has passed, what can I do?


Part4

1. I'd like to get a progression check to ensure I'm on the right track for my degree, how do i do this?
	I am not sure if I am on the right track for my degree, can I check my progression?
	I am going to do a progression check.
	Progress check is good for us to realise if we will get the degree that we want.
	
2. Am I able to request a course to be substituted in place of another within my program?
	Can I ask for another course to substitute the course that I have already had?
	(web x)I’d like to apply for a substitute request because I do not like the course that I have.
	What is the requirements that I can substitute courses in place of another?

3. How do I request Special Consideration?
	How do I apply for special consideration when illness.
	What is the special consideration?

4. Who can sit the CSE Supplementary Exam?

5. How do I apply for a supplementary exam?

	I have failed the final exam, do I have the chance to sit the supplementary exam?
	What is the requirements for applying the CSE supplementary exam?

6. How do I apply for a review of results?
	How do I assess my results, if I am satisfied with my final results.
	I’d like to see my final results, what do I do?

7. I received a WD/WC/WJ Result... What do I do?


8. My Academic Standing is in Referral/Probation, how do I contact my Academic Advisor?


